Samples: Bluetooth: iso_time_sync: Remove unintentional toggle upon RTC wrap (#17719)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`bluetooth_isochronous_time_synchronization`:

>   * Fixed **LED** toggling issues on nRF52 and nRF53 Series devices that would occur after RTC wraps which occurs every ~8.5 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed **LED** toggling issues on nRF52 and nRF53 Series devices that would occur after RTC wraps that occur every ~8.5 minutes.
```

>     The **LED** would previously toggle unintentionally, at the wrong point in time, or not at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The **LED** previously toggled unintentionally, at the wrong point in time, or not at all.
```
